Clarity edit (#14588)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tts.markdown

* They [reject self-signed certificates](#self-signed-certificates).

* They do not work with URLs that contain hostnames established by local naming means. Let's say your Home Assistant instance is running on a machine made known locally as `ha`. All your machines on your local network are able to access it as `ha`. However, try as you may, your cast device won't download the media files from your `ha` machine. That's because your cast device ignores your local naming setup. In this example, the `say` service creates a URL like `http://ha/path/to/media.mp3` (or `https://...` if you are using SSL). If you are _not_ using SSL then setting a internal URL that contains the IP address of your server works around this issue. By using an IP address, the cast device does not have to resolve the hostname.

> * If you are using a SSL (eg `https://yourhost.example.org/...`) then you _must_ use the hostname in the certificate (eg `base_url: https://yourhost.example.org`). You cannot use an IP address since the certificate won't be valid for the IP address, and the cast device will refuse the connection.

Reviewer: Small language tweak

```suggestion
* If you are using an SSL (e.g., `https://yourhost.example.org/...`) then you _must_ use the hostname in the certificate (e.g., `base_url: https://yourhost.example.org`). You cannot use an IP address since the certificate won't be valid for the IP address, and the cast device will refuse the connection.
```

Reading this, I realized this is not entirely true. It only applies to installations using SSL directly within the Home Assistant configuration. For example, when using a reverse proxy for SSL, this doesn't apply.
